1. Payment Schedule: Payment is due at completion of each milestone upon Clients acceptance of the Deliverables.

2. Payment Schedule: Payment is due when Designer completes each milestone as listed in the Work Plan and Milestones schedule, and Client accepts the Deliverables for that
milestone.

3. Payment. Developer will submit a [monthly] [weekly] statement and invoice to Customer for services rendered hereunder and its reimbursable expenses. Such invoices will be due and payable within ____ (___) days of the invoice date.

4. Web Site Design and Construction. Immediately upon execution of this Agreement and prior to commencement of any work on Client’s Web Site, Client shall pay to Developer an initial fee equal to ________ ($____.00), which amount is ___ percent (___%) of the net total Design and Construction Fee, with the balance to be paid upon Client’s approval of the Final Version, and immediately prior to Launch of the Client’s Web Site by Developer.

5. Unless otherwise agreed by both Parties, the fees of using the Website Platform under this Agreement should be paid annually, deposited by Party B to the bank account designated by Party A, and Party A should issue legal invoice to Party B.

6. PAYMENT. All retained service payments shall be paid on a
monthly basis, on the first of each month in which services will be completed.

7. Payment Terms. One-time expenses such as set-up fees or other administrative fees payable by [COMPANY 2] to [Company 1] will be paid forty-five (45) days from [COMPANY 2]'s receipt of [Company 1]’s invoice. Unless otherwise specified in a Work Statement, all fees are to be paid within thirty (30) days following the month which gave rise to the payment obligation. All payments will be in U.S. currency unless otherwise agreed to on a Work Statement. No invoice will be sent prior to the performance of the related Services provided by [Company 1] to [COMPANY 2] and not End-Users. In the event that [Company 1] is in default of any of its obligations under this Agreement, [COMPANY 2] may withhold payment of any part of the unpaid price for the Services until [Company 1] has, to [COMPANY 2]'s satisfaction, completely remedied the breach. All Services purchased by [COMPANY 2] from [Company 1] will aggregate for calculating any discounts, if any. An End-User may terminate its account in accordance with [COMPANY 2]’s reasonable termination and billing procedures; and provided that [Company 1] is not in breach of its obligations under this Agreement, [COMPANY 2] shall remain responsible for the payment to [Company 1] of all Standard Fees and other applicable fees for dedicated server offerings pursuant to Exhibit 3 relating to such End-User. In addition, if an End-User for dedicated server offerings breaches its obligations under its agreement with [COMPANY 2] resulting in non- payment of applicable fees, [COMPANY 2] shall remain responsible for the applicable fees only for such period that [Company 1] is unable to redeploy that customer’s dedicated server and only to the extent that [Company 1] has been unsuccessful in collecting such fees pursuant to [COMPANY 2]’s reasonable termination, renewal and billing procedures. In all termination situations under this Section 6.6, [Company 1] shall use reasonable efforts to redeploy the [COMPANY 2] server systems used for such terminated account.